=pod

=encoding utf-8

=for :stopwords Chris Weyl zilla BeforeBuild

=head1 NAME

Dist::Zilla::Plugin::ContributorsFromGit - Populate your 'CONTRIBUTORS' POD from the list of git authors

=head1 VERSION

This document describes version 0.004 of Dist::Zilla::Plugin::ContributorsFromGit - released February 26, 2013 as part of Dist-Zilla-Plugin-ContributorsFromGit.

=head1 SYNOPSIS

    ; in your dist.ini
    [ContributorsFromGit]

    ; in your weaver.ini
    [Contributors]

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This plugin makes it easy to acknowledge the contributions of others by
populating a L<%PodWeaver|Dist::Zilla::Stash::PodWeaver> stash with the unique
list of all git commit authors reachable from the current HEAD.

=head1 OVERVIEW

On collecting the unique list of reachable commit authors from git, we search
and remove any git authors from the list of authors L<Dist::Zilla> knows
about.  We then look for a stash named C<%PodWeaver>; if we don't find one
then we create an instance of L<Dist::Zilla::Stash::PodWeaver> and register it
with our zilla instance.  Then we add the list of contributors (the filtered
git authors list) to the stash in such a way that
L<Pod::Weaver::Section::Contributors> can find them.

Note that you do not need to have the C<%PodWeaver> stash created; it will be
added if it is not found.  However, your L<Pod::Weaver> config (aka
c<weaver.ini>) must include the
L<Contributors|Pod::Weaver::Section::Contributors> section plugin.

This plugin runs during the L<BeforeBuild|Dist::Zilla::Role::BeforeBuild>
phase.

The list of contributors is also added to distribution metadata under the custom
C<x_contributors> key.

=for Pod::Coverage before_build metadata

=head1 SEE ALSO

Please see those modules/websites for more information related to this module.

=over 4

=item *

L<Pod::Weaver::Section::Contributors>

=item *

L<Dist::Zilla::Stash::PodWeaver>

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Chris Weyl <cweyl@alumni.drew.edu>

=head1 CONTRIBUTOR

David Golden <dagolden@cpan.org>

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

This software is Copyright (c) 2012 by Chris Weyl.

This is free software, licensed under:

  The GNU Lesser General Public License, Version 2.1, February 1999

